I just look behind me and what we're the fuck are we somewhere in the middle of outer space
or in the leafy groves of Long Island New York from the fantabulous cradle of aviation
Museum here in Long Island Harmontown is now in session.
He at the National Treasure would you please welcome into the cosmos of your mind the Game
Master Spencer Crittenden.
Thank you, thank you.
What's up Spencer?
I don't know man, what's up with you?
Not too much.
There's one other thing I forgot to mention.
Uh oh.
careening to the cosmic vapor of invention that is the beautiful realm of dark matter
and light matter combined together to stretch and expand your mind and space time itself.
Please put your hands together for the mayor of Harmontown, Dan Harmon.wn.
Hello universe.
Hello Milky Way.
Thank you, thank you.
Wow.
There's one guy yelling out that I looked.
Your way loss worked.
Yeah.
I'm not insulting you, just repeating.
It's something that I need to hear after a couple days of pizza and stuff.
I mean you did look thin but then again against the backdrop of all time and space.
Oh yeah.
Everybody looks thin against the interior cosmos.
Light is actually bending around Dan right now, it makes him look smaller.
Why do you think Neil deGrasse Tyson picked this light at work?
I mean the guy's a little thick in the caboose, so he wants to stand next to Charizard.
Yeah exactly.
Everybody's sitting next to a horse head nebula.
Well thanks for coming and I doubt that you guys have probably been at a convention all
day today most of you, right?
And I think a lot of the folks here stood in line for a while, we're at the signing.
Too long.
Yeah.
Thank you so much.
We've got a house full of dedicated fans and for those who are listening to this later,
and it's this virtually vertical raked planetarium that we're in.
It's like an IMAX except it's just three dudes.
It's a wall of people, like the people in the second row are only a little bit behind
the people in the first row, they're mostly above them.
So it's sort of like you could climb their faces.
Is it possible to fire up the planetarium so we can have like the Pleiades and shit
behind us?
I mean, I'm almost certainly interest, no, but I just like, because behind us for the
listener that there is just this giant, like yeah, empty void, it's pretty groovy.
Yeah, I don't think, I don't think, I don't think spontaneous nation.
You want a drink, Dan?
Yeah.
Why don't you talk and I'll conjure up a cocktail for you.
Oh, okay.
That's teamwork.
This is the partnership.
In the beginning, as you know, there was there was nothing, which means there was no time,
which means that there was infinite time, which means there was 100% chance of anything
happening, including a whole universe, which was spontaneously brought into existence in
the form of a tiny particle, exactly the density of infinity, which then exploded into everything.
And will one day either collapse or suck back in on itself.
And in the meantime, here we are for our brief few frames in a very, very high speed camera
shot of an explosion that is lasting 80 trillion years.
And in that giant, vast expanse of what we consider time, some of us have chosen to
dress like Deadpool for the evening.
That's how big this explosion is, is that a one new way is giving me Miami flashbacks
though.
I remember we were talking about Deadpool when someone leapt from the audience and punched.
I don't think this is that kind of crowd.
I think if you guys had reached the point of your psychosis, I didn't think it was that
kind of crowd until like 20 people were like, no, no, not at all.
That's not me.
Well, come on, these are these are planetarium folk, they're triggered by people behind desks
questioning their sanity, like that's the guidance counselors and things like it.
The difference between being held back in third grade and being moved up to sixth grade
is like whether the principal's IQ is 90 or 95, right?
My mom often told me this story, she's like, they wanted to hold you back in kindergarten.
Like I had to go and yell at the principal.
The principal was like, he's like, he can't walk on a balance beam.
She's like, he can read college textbooks.
He's like, he can't use scissors.
She's like, what is this like, what is the society he's going to enter where he's going
to like walk down a log and and and wrap everyone's Christmas gifts, but but but and illiteracy
would be fine for that.
But like, like, like, you just put him in first grade, he'll be fine.
How many balance beams are waiting for him out there in the world?
I am pretty bad at balancing and using scissors.
I couldn't tie my shoes, couldn't tell time, very bad at math.
But yeah, boy, boy, howdy, could I read?
Just like you guys, right?
Do we got any literates in the house?
Where my illiterates at?
Where's my dyslexia?
Pretty evenly dispersed.
That's good.
Yeah.
Yeah, exactly three, three thirds.
I had a forgive my energy.
I had I'm in Long Island, so I had a Long Island iced tea and dinner and what you actually
did.
Yeah.
For those who don't know how to make a Long Island iced tea, you take a 16 year old in
their parents kitchen.
Well, the parents are out of town.
You open the cupboard and you pour whatever's in there because you don't want any of the
bottles to reveal that you took any of them.
So then you end up with a full cup of every liquor in the cabinet and that's a Long Island
iced tea.
You tend to drink them when you're younger because you know how to order them.
It's like you can't get that words wrong.
No one's going to go, you're not 21 the way you said Long Island iced tea.
You must be a bachelorette.
One Long Island iced tea coming up.
The Long Island, of course, is not that long.
This is a Viking, goes back to Viking times.
People that didn't want the Vikings to find Long Island would tell them it's very Long
Island.
You can't miss it.
Just, of course, hoping that the Vikings would end up in New Jersey, which they did.
I don't know anything about geography.
And they had long boats.
Yeah.
You'd think that that would have worked out.
They're like, are you sure we shouldn't be really precise in our aiming toward Long
Island?
No, you don't.
Just go wide.
It's a Long Island.
It's not that long.
It's just a very crafty, pre-Cambrian Atlanteans that wanted to protect Long Island and its
culture.
We're in Nassau County, am I correct?
Yeah.
Nassau is a Native American word meaning rich white people.
It hurts.
People don't know that.
You guys came here for the fucking truth, and that's what you're going to get tonight.
Yeah.
I mean, matter can't exist in the same place, and you have privilege.
It's all saying science.
Exactly.
Yeah.
Truth is truth.
You can't just take the parts you like.
I thought you were joking.
Look, that was a lot of emails to be deleted.
I thought you were joking at dinner about the Long Island ST.
I thought you were just musing what you actually are.
Yeah, because I talked about it so much, I was like, well, of course, the Long Island
ST is out on the menu, and I was like, oh, Long Island STs, and as I was explaining how
much I would never drink one again, it kind of made me nostalgic.
You talk about a drink long enough to get an order one.
Do they make them better here?
Do you think this is like...
I tasted like the same kind of beverage that I remember from 20 years ago.
You know, it's a long...
Yeah.
I didn't finish it.
I'll have a pretty bad hangover tomorrow, but I tried to, man, I don't want to be anticlimactic
with it, because I was trying on the plane, I was trying to write a Long Island song.
When we were in Boston, Dan wrote a Boston song, and it was listening to the episode.
It was good.
It was acapella, but this time, and I had, like...
But you actually concocted the...
Yeah, that's why I was like...
It's more of an emotional thing, isn't it?
Long Island, rest your weary head...
Wait, no, wait, sorry about that.
Long Island, rest your weary face...
It's too long for too long now...
Long Island, you're in outer space, it's just a song for Long Island, Long Island be with
me, Long Island take a pee, Long Island frolic in costume, while you wait in line, Long Island,
how long will you wait to be a part of the country, and not just an island, to me you're
a peninsula, Long Island I love you, Long Island are you, really that long at all, winter,
spring, summer, fall, give me a call, new phone, who dis, all right.
Some of that I wrote just now.
Who's up there on light effects, because that was pretty special, because that was like the
encore of a journey concert.
I want to plug the app that I use there, because it only seems fair, but also I kind of don't
want to, because it feels like it's my secret weapon with songwriting, it's called Chordbot,
it's a really good app, if you're not musically trained, but you only know, oh, I need chords
and I need to know which chords work together, and it's a cool app, you can quickly move
chords around and hear if they work together.
So was that whole song in that, or did you make chords and then move them into a garage
band or something?
That was just Chordbot doing it, you can be very simple, you can just play tones, and
you can, it's got enough sophistication, did you make that sound because you're exhausted,
you just hate that.
Sorry, that's the lead programmer on GarageBand, it's going to be a long day at work tomorrow.
This is Chordbot we're hearing about from the Long Island District.
You had one job last night.
Keep harming on GarageBand, it's just harder, I imagine GarageBand is probably a lot easier
for people that actually understand music, but like GarageBand you have to like poke
and swipe and poop around in order to just say, well what if this was an A-sharp instead
of an A-flat, yeah, that's a bad app.
I work at Apple, I quit working for Dan, I went back to Apple.
Let's see if I have any, what if I lost you and then I found you there, I come into the
Apple store and I'm like, can we help you, I'm like, yeah, I have a broken friendship.
Did you make an appointment?
Yeah, I thought I did, but it turns out maybe it's expensive, and it's just like muscle
through and they're like, security's coming and then you're like, it's alright, it's fine,
he has an appointment.
At the emotional genius bar.
No, it's Dan, yeah, let's see, I'm just looking for, this is song fragments, Long Island up
and down, Long Island come to town, Long Island singer song, Long Island make your island
long, I remember when I was a kid, I was briefly living in Manhattan and a friend of mine lived
somewhere in Nassau County and it was 4th of July and we had all these sparklers and
like smoke bombs and like kind of low grade fireworks and we went, like the parents were
doing their thing and getting drunk and making food and stuff, so me and my friend Luke,
no not Luke, David, we were, doesn't matter, you don't fucking know him, and we went, there
was a telephone pole and it was like giant ants were living inside it, there's little
fissures and cracks inside old telephone poles, they're kind of tarred and whatnot and there's
these big ants living inside it, moving around, so we started sticking smoke bombs in there
and there's like all these ants would come out and so we thought that was really fascinating
and so we kept doing it to see like what ecosystem existed inside this telephone pole and then
it caught on fire, so we caught a hole, we caught a hole and it's made of tar, yeah it's
got all that oil in it, so the fire department had a real tough time on that one, cause you
guys were like, well it's not a fire bomb, it's a smoke bomb, they're like, how do you
think you make smoke, there's fire in the bomb, stuck it in a big piece of wood and ants,
that's like how they used to really make fire before, I think me and my friend, we just
hid in the bush and took no credit for it, cowardly, yeah I told them, me and my friend
Dan Ramstack, we made a, when we were like 10 years old, we took batteries and light
bulbs and we like made this like blinky thing with electrical tape that we, I don't think,
I don't know if we wanted it to look like a bomb, I really don't, I think we wanted
it to just look like a crazy sci-fi thing and we like taped it to the screen door of
a girl that lived in the neighborhood, I guess that was our way of saying, I love you, we
would like to kiss you one day, here's a blinky device, but her father came to the door and
called the bomb squad, or I got called the police and they called the bomb squad and
they were like people everywhere, flashlights and assault rifles and pliers and we just
sat at a swing porch and watched and my mom was like, did you guys, no, I mean like what
are we supposed to do, say yes, like we're gonna get more than beaten, we're gonna get
shot, like these people, it wasn't our idea that Johnny Gove would get involved, she just
wanted a kiss, just wanted to, just wanted to call in the bomb threat of affection, this
was before me too, it was a perfectly acceptable way to call upon a young lady, she plant a
bomb on her father's door, back in the late 70s, early 80s, nothing said, will you be
mine, these days it's so complicated, like are you supposed to use a Molotov cocktail
or like, what happened to romance, the flashbang, we used to go, I don't know, I want to do
what the right thing is, but I'm trying my best, I just, I don't know what it is anymore,
I'm sorry, I feel like we've talked about in the very early days of Harmontown of colonizing
the moon, I think this is the closest that we've gotten, we're here in the planetarium,
we were on the moon, yeah, stars, that's the problem, the lights are washing out the
planetarium, can we kill the side lights, that'd be bad for our subscribers, that sounds
like a distraction, we can't see up there, Jesus, we can't see, from a distant nebula,
oh Jesus Christ, what happened, I can't see anything, just a giant trash can, are you
okay, Rob Schrab, all right, well again, I was going to bring you up, I had a thing
kind of planned out, it didn't work, did you fall down the stairs, because it sounded like
you did and I only saw darkness, a giant trash can came down this 70 degree slope, Rob on
sound here, he got completely splashed by just miscellaneous liquids, I thought there
would be tape on the stairs, I didn't want to expect, no offense, but I thought Rob was
Rob, Rob, will you stand up for a second and just, don't touch him, don't touch him,
what did we tell you about matter, what did time come, you want this whole place to go
time cop, oh man, now I had, I mean like, they didn't have my lab, I tried to go for
it, it was supposed to be big, a beautiful star, God 25 years, didn't work out the way
I planned it, I'm really sorry, I'm sorry you got splashed, but you made the stars happen
though, was that part of your, yeah, that was just the beginning of it, it only got better
after that, I tripped and I fell down and I hit, so you did fall down the stairs, well
I hurt, yeah I hurt myself if you're curious, yeah I was, I asked if you're okay and you
just stared off into space, I hit my head a couple of times, great damage, I'm so sorry,
don't you already have like a hairline fracture all the way down your skull from when you
saw Teen Wolf when you were in college and tried to do a stand stand on the top of a
moving car, yes, when I was, when I was, when I was in high school, when I was in high
school, we watched Teen Wolf, I wrote that, I wrote that movie, in the, in the theater
and then we went, wow that looks like cool, not turning into a wolf but, or playing basketball
but, turning into a wolf just seems like a path to growth, yeah, it seems like you'll
just learn you don't want to turn into a wolf as much as you want to respect your friends,
yeah so we, this car surfing thing however, car surfing thing, this is really going to
take off, so Corey Yacht is Dan Calo and myself started driving, Dan Calo's car, driving,
driving down Mabel like back roads and stuff where there was no like lights or anything
as a farm area and Corey goes on first and he's like, yeah, well, I feel I'm the top
of the world, yeah, king of the world, you know, and then, and then, and then he goes,
okay, sure, but it's your turn and then as he gets off he goes, dude, when the car stops,
pretend like you're falling off, it'll freak out Dan Calo who's driving the car and so
I'm like, yeah, king of the world and then Dan Calo comes to a stop and then every single
thing went black and I woke up three hours later in Dan Calo's living room with Corey
holding like a, like a, like a wad of newspaper and it was like blood and, and he goes, what
do you want, are you okay, do you want to go to the hospital, no, I just want to go home
and go to sleep and they went, well, okay, it's either this or this are getting in trouble
and they put me in a bed and I fell asleep with a huge concussion, but my skull was cracked.
Yeah, empathy is, is I think a learned trait, like, I don't think kids, kids are sociopaths
because they might be Spartans, you know, like they don't know, like the human being
is designed to adapt to whatever society they're going to be and as the human society's moral
compass might be based on the complete dispensability of human life.
Yes.
Well, everybody's so afraid of getting into trouble and getting yelled at that you're
willing to let one of your friends go to sleep and wake up not breathing.
We had, we had a treehouse in Stan Frankie's backyard when I was in Milwaukee and uh, Stan
Frankie.
You had, you had Stan Frankie, I had Warren, you had Stan Frankie, I had Warren Stanky.
Right.
So, we're sitting in Stan Frankie's treehouse.
Warren Stanky, Warren Stanky.
My favorite fuck band.
And Dave Bublitz comes over.
Dave Bublitz.
Dave Bublitz, everybody.
For your consideration.
He's from around the way, you know, he lives all the way up Calumet, like, he's like a different
click, you know, he wasn't like one of our Stranger Things tribe, he was like an ancillary
character and so he made a convenient, like, oh, let's not leave, let's not let Dave Bublitz
up the tree and we're, and we're like Dave Bublitz, you can't come, he's like, I want
to come up there.
I want to come be up in your treehouse.
We're like, you're not, you're not 52nd Street material.
This is our plywood.
This is our tree and uh, and he's like, I'm coming up and we're like, suit yourself.
And I don't, it was like, we, I, this is where it gets sketchy because it's like, I don't
know if, okay, it's 9-11.
It's 9-11.
I'm telling you the story of Dave Bublitz is 9-11, uh, unless he grew up and became
of a terrorist New York, uh, investor, but, but, uh, don't groan when after you shout
out 9-11 in the middle of my story, you people go, go, go get your own moral compass.
So he's climbing up the thing and I don't know, I can't, I think I feel like when you're
a kid and you, you do fucked up things, like, you know, you feel so guilty that I think
you can, you whitewash, you, you, I think you alter the memory because my memory of
it is that it was a total accident, like a Wiley Coyote, Rube Goldberg thing.
But I have a feeling from what I know of how evil children are that this was an intentional
thing that we just didn't anticipate, like having the results that it did where there
was like a two by four up there that was like just laying and, and there was an incline
and as, as Dave Bublitz, uh, forehead crested the, uh, the threshold, um, uh, coming up
that this two by four in my memory just happened to choose that time to slide, like, right
for it.
But that's, I'm, I'm like, let's be accountable and just even assume, let's blackwash if
that's the opposite of whitewashing this like history because like I, I, I bet somebody
was like, you know, like, like, and this two by four slid and it, and it, and it, and it
hit Dave Bublitz squarely in the forehead.
And then I remember this, like he, he had this look on his face and then I remember
this tiniest little red dot on his forehead, like immediately start getting bigger and
bigger and then, and then he like fell and, and then, and then started shrieking and we
all like clamber down out of the tree and, and, and, and he's like, ah, ah, ah, uh, Stan
goes into the house.
He comes out with like a lot of paper towels, um, and he hands it to Dave who like, we're
all like eight years old or something and Dave like takes the paper towels and he touches
them to his forehead and then he pulls it back and he sees solid red paper towel laying
and he, he just goes absolutely insane and more so than he already had and, and he runs
for his dirt bike and we all instinctively just run for our dirt bikes with him and just
like give him a ineffective police escort to his home where he's just shrieking and there's
like paper towels like trailing like he's just, and we're all just like blue angels
like flanking him just like, like riding up the hill, the Calumet and then like screaming
the entire way so every, every person weed whacking is stopping their weed whacking to
see what's going on.
There's just a kid with bloody paper towels like flying behind him as he gets to his home
there's our little suburban front yards like he, he, you know, when you were a kid, you
just like ditch your bike, he just, he just like gets to the front yard, ditches his bike
and runs as his mom comes out into the porch and, and, and into her arms with his bloody
forehead and, and, and we all just kind of like, like just kept riding just, we just,
we had one job just see him home safe permission to buzz the tower so, so you, you, you weren't
a part of the two by four, you, I look, I probably were, I don't, I'm telling you the
honest, somebody projected this thing towards him and kicked it at him, well what I'm telling
you is my memory of it sincerely is that the two by four just like moved like, and I'm,
and I'm a 45 year old man going what is the likelihood of that, you know, like, like there
was already, that's a hat on a hat as we say in the writer's room like, like, like, like
there was already a story happening here and like we were, we had malice toward this incursion
and, and so I just feel like whether, whether we thought it would, you know, like, like,
our physics were based on cartoons or something, I have a feeling that we were like, well,
let's just do this as he comes up, you know, like, like, I, I just, it's my 45 year old
like, like, you know, cynical suspicion and also a little bit of like middle-aged accountability
like, I'm going like, how is, how likely is it that, that, that my memory has actually
altered Blade Runner style to remove accountability? Because I've told the story of this podcast
too, like, we almost, I was like, I remember like, like, deciding to and executing the
strangulation of a friend who was like, like, like, like he was putting on his scarf, we
were like bundling up for winter and I was like, I was probably like six or seven, like,
and I was like, to my friend said, look, Carl is putting on his scarf, let's go up and
let's just like, you take one end and I'll take the other and God, what? And you thought
his head would get really small and go through the knot, like some kind of Jerry, I don't
know, I swear, I don't know. I'd like, I, I know that I wasn't thinking let's murder
a human being, I know that I wasn't thinking that I know I was thinking like, like, like
violence is fun. Like, you know, I was thinking like, like, like he won't like it. He'll
hate it. It'll be like a Mahoney on police academy screwing with the, you know, my Mauser,
like, like, this will be a real laugh. Like he'll he'll he just certainly doesn't want
his scarf much tighter than he's going to make it at his own. And, and, and, and my friend
and I just would do is that it was my idea. I pitched it. He yes, they ended me. We grabbed
one end of the other started pulling and Carl went like, what do you do? And a teacher came
by and he was going on. He was fucking purple. And, and, and, and, and you guys are pulling
as hard as you can. That's my memory. Yes. Like not understanding like anything about
like, help me. Help me. And the teacher, the teacher, the teacher, the teacher was, we
were young enough that the teacher was kind of omnipresent. Like no, there was no, it
was like, it was like, we were, we could have been like first grade. I don't know how old
you are in first grade. Like, what are you six? Yeah, because it's always, you're just
out of kindergarten. And it's like, you're like, so the teacher's like a mother duck
and like, all the ducks are kind of like, you know, she's trying to, so she was preoccupied
for that sliver of time. And Jesus Christ did not leave kids alone. I shouldn't project
don't leave me alone as a kid. Like I maybe I'm like, I have a fucking dover gene. So
I'm just kind of thinking like putting myself in this situation, I would, I would, I'm hoping
this is what I would do. This is what I would do is I would pull and go, Oh, what am I thinking
and stop? But it sounds like you guys were like, kept going. Yeah. Well, we were trying
to, she's like, here's what I remember happening. Like is that the is that I remember the teacher
coming over and going like, and this is the strangest thing that I mean, it's, I'd have
to like pull out like an overhead of the coat room or wherever we were the foyer is just
like kids in winter coats everywhere, they're all bundling up and putting on moon boots
and half of them are crying, half of them are allergic to cheese and you want to get
that there's just mass hysteria, you know, and so within this mass hysteria, like three
kids are doing this like weird thing. And so I just, I think what happened is the teacher
somehow wasn't conscious of the crime that was taking place. She was only conscious of
Carl dying. She I think that's just how long his scarf was that we were out of frame because
it was Milwaukee and maybe his mother lovingly knit a very long doctor who scarf for him.
And so we were just like out of the teacher's point of view. And so she was only just like
her shock, the look on her face and the tone of her voice. And she's like, Carl. And that's
what I, and I was like, Oh, and I let go. And she's like, Carl, like, like, and she like
loosened the thing. And he's like, and couldn't speak. So he couldn't say these two people
over here just tried to murder me. Take them to jail, call the police, like alter the course
of his life. Did you did you just like, like, like, oh, man, what happened? Are you okay?
We, we, oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, we stepped forward and said, Oh, I want me to introduce myself.
I feel somewhat responsible for this. I see you're overwhelmed, Mrs. Burr. I should stay
here. And no, we fucking backed up and walked earned and walked away and never spoke of it.
Never spoke of it again. And I don't, I don't, Carl, I, I, I did improv with him in Milwaukee
later, like when we were in high school. And I was like, do you remember me almost murdering
you? I feel and he's like, No, man, I don't remember that. You want to get high?
Well, you got you, you, you, and I'm like, what do you have, what do you have worked
for NASA? He was like a really cool, funny guy, like high school brain long enough for him to
forget. He was like, he ended up in comedy sports and he was like the funniest guy in his high
school comedy sports team. And then like, like, and it was like really, really, like awesome dude
that everybody liked. But he kind of had this personality that was like, Oh man, all right,
he's kind of the Michael Richards of his school. And I always thought like, would you work for
you give him a partial stroke? Yeah, like, like, like, did I, did I just nudge him into comedy? Like,
you know, we're killing like a little bit of like math or something. I like, I'll have to wonder
forever. But he forgave me the him that, that, that I, that I created forgave me.
So who, who, so booblets was in the treehouse trying to come up your treehouse. And I want to
say, and they're all these stories, there's other kids there. This isn't like a Tyler Jordan thing
where I'm just murdering people. And I know their names sound made up, but these kids. So it was
you, Dan Harmon. And who was on the other end? Well, I'm not going to nail it. It's gotten into
the criminal. Well, make up the first name. What is the last name? Because it's Milwaukee. So it's
some fucked up. Oh, what are you asking? You said booblets in Ramstack? No, no, no, no, I'm just
saying who is holding the other end of the scarf. Yeah, I'm just the point of it is just like,
because you said booblets and Ramstack and, and whatever. Stan, Stan, whose treehouse it was.
Stan Frankie. Well, now I feel weird about naming everyone's names.
Stan Frankie is responsible for the death of this child. God damn. It was my pitch.
It was your pitch. Fine. I'm just saying, like, you've noticed this. We have, like in the Midwest,
we have screwed up. My favorite name is one of Rob's friends was a girl that Rob went to school
with. Her name was Missy Popinfoose. Oh, I was hottest girl in eighth grade. But we live in
this area. I know I want to say because I like, yeah, I had this big crush on Linda Sheenbuckner
in fourth grade. I like these names are great. But and you, and if you try to fake them, they're
not great. But now we live on Facebook and then people like type these names in and then it's
like, like, I don't know. I was really good friends with a guy named Brian Schrofnagel.
And you don't, you don't think these names are weird until you meet Jeff and or come to Los
Angeles. Did you guys have weird names? Anybody? Anybody? No. What's that? Tommy McGee. That's
your name. Oh, okay. Tommy McGee. elementary school. Yeah. My teacher's one of my teachers
swears he has a friend named Pat Moini. Pat Moini. I had a friend named Sean Malarkey.
Oh, boy. How bad ass is that? I'm a larky. There was a guy that lived across the street
from us. His name was Gordy Grepentrog. And he lived under a bridge. He was it was a name like
that? You have to be a hockey player for the island. Gordon Grepentrog. But they call the
bank of Christ to pass this bridge. Well, a lot of people don't know that you changed your name.
You shortened your name for show business. Your show business. Your name is your name.
And it didn't work.
With all the good intentions, she turned it to Richard Pryor.
Not for, not for pussy. And it didn't work.
And it didn't work. Yeah, you shortened your, your, your full last name is Schrabdude.
No, no. Whoa. All right. I thought that would get a bigger laugh. I guess.
Big time. No, because it sounds possible after Schrafnagel and stuff like that.
He refers to himself as the Schrabduke sometimes. Oh yeah, the Schrabduke. Yeah.
All right. Well, anyways, names are stupid. Yeah. Like, was Tommy McFeely your crush when you
were in grade school? But now he's Mr. McFeely. You had bigger fish to fry or you just weren't?
You were what? Sorry. She had a lot going on. Oh, you had, okay.
You were a girl, yeah, a girl in elementary school. So we were already practicing that
society. Like, yeah, you had multiple suitors is what you're saying. Yeah. You got out of bed
every day and we're like, well, how am I going to handle my situation without getting slut shamed?
Is like, basically, like, like I gotta, I gotta, I gotta form a circular network where I don't piss
anybody off and all this stuff. And Tommy McFeely's like, how am I going to bag whatever your name
is, which we will, we will let have you leave you to your privacy. I had my first like in kindergarten,
it was a Nicole McHugh and like, that's actually that sounds like a detective series. She was a,
she was a, she was literally a little redhead girl, like, like Charlie Brown had his little
redhead girl, which I don't think we ever saw, but Nicole McHugh was, so we would take attendance.
She always wore pantyhomes. And then when, stop, you're talking about, talking about a kindergartener.
There's just, I don't expect you to know how to weave these highway cones, but
you got to keep it more wonder years than you.
But I don't think I ever actually talked to her. I, I, I, what I remember is that during attendance,
when my name was called, she would look at me and giggle. And when her name was called,
I would look at her and giggle. And so, and I explained that to my mom. And then she said,
oh, you got a girlfriend. And I was like, great, that's one last thing to worry about.
I, I, I feel like my memory is that I just never fucked with it. Like, I, I just like,
I'm not going to go talk to her now. I was just like, I got this, this is great. Like,
every morning I get this, I get this, I get this partner was life partner.
And she has no idea.
No, she did. Well, she, she probably doesn't remember, but she, but she had an idea. We had,
it was, it was a, we were soulmates. It was just bound to morning roll call.
I think you're doing a little bit of rewriting history with a little booblets,
maybe two by four. I think, I think you were giggling.
I don't know why I'd make, you know, why would I revise that very self loathing?
Like, like, like, why would I, because it's, it would be such an unusual thing. So it wasn't,
like, it wasn't like I move, it would make sense that I made that up. If, if the rest of the story
was that I like stalked her kindergarten style and like wouldn't leave her alone and stuff. And
the reason why I did that is because I was getting green lights, you know, I wouldn't make up the
green lights. But, but I, and I, the way I remember it is that it was the, it was the perfect
relationship. I never talked to her. And, and there were, yeah. And I do, I was, I was aware of
the fact that there were lots and lots of girls that, that had no desire to giggle and smile.
Hey, it's okay. It's all right. It's fine. It's not your fault. Yeah. You're happy.
It's not your fault. You're happy now. It's not your fault. You're happy now, man.
It's not your fault. Look how these people came out to see you. You guys are jerks.
Everybody's just so tired. You guys have been here all day long. How many beers have you
had been consumed here? Was there a bar here? One per person. You only got the one beer?
What do you mean we gave you? Okay. I wouldn't give you anybody. There's more. There's more
where people. There's more beer. There's more beer, people. Let's go to the concession. Let's all get
it. We could. Everybody reach under your seat. Should we all just take a nap? We should watch
the stars. And there's this giant bottle of Kettle One taunting you from on stage.
Maybe we should, we'll take a journey through space and I'll do that by slowing the tempo
down on this chord bot song. Can we get sexy lights up there? Perfect. Oh, there we go.
We made it. I'm gonna actually change some instrumentation here to make this a little
better. We need less picked guitar, maybe a little more synth. The universe
opens its arms to you and you to it. So feel the universe inside of you.
The Beetlejuice Nebula folding outward into the horse head spandex
in the constellation Agamemnon orbiting Uranus and the Ork Belt,
which I hear just had to add a new hole. Getting a little thin Milky Way. The universe is expanding.
The carbohydrate complex. We are exiting now what you know as the solar system.
Try to imagine. Excuse me. I'm sorry. What? Yes.
The stars are moving.
Yeah, kill the, uh, can we kill the lights that are,
oh, those are probably just workplaces that are plugged into a generator. Yeah,
this is for our subscribers probably too, so they can see. Well, who cares? The subscribers
will not see stars if they turn the lights off. That's true. I think if they haven't been
turned off by now, it means it's not gonna switch. You mean the subscribers? Yes.
Try to relax. Understand that your mind is made of the same carbon as the stars around you.
Stars around you. You no longer crave heavy creams and sauces.
Saucy.
Saucy. Cigarettes have no control over you. No control, no control, no control. Do you,
do you have one? I see another voice in the cosmos. It looks a little eager to get in here.
You must kill Dave Booblets. Booblets. All right, well, I don't think that's,
because I mean really, fuck that guy. I don't think. Get out of my treehouse,
you uptown piece of shit. We're leaving those aggressions behind. You are no longer a primate,
you are a Kubrickian space baby. No more gazelle femurs. Why do I live inside of a big old rectangle
thing? That's not a planet. Saturn's up there, like a big old asshole.
The monolith represents the golden ratio and the concept of geometry, a human construct.
Do you know why God likes Saturn the most, Dan? Because if you like it, you gotta put a ring on it.
Moving past Saturn now, out into the outer zeochron orbit, the home of Neptune.
Oh, there's Uranus. Thank you. Yeah, I can see some, some Klingons on it.
Do you know how Klingons get on Uranus? The captain's log.
Wow. It's an easy crowd.
They cling on. Okay, fuck you people.
I'm sorry about that. I snapped.
Uranus just decided to fuck straight off into outer space.
Because we are departing the birthplace of our primate bodies and rejoining our larger progenitor.
I can see my house from here. Although we are moving away from the focal point you once knew
as the origin, we are actually moving toward the origin of all the created you as we move
further toward the center of the cluster of star systems known colloquially as the Milky Way.
The center of the Milky Way is a hot, blustering epicenter of chemical reaction.
Probably a big black hole wishes it could suck every...
Excuse me. What? Are you gonna be done in there? Hold on a second.
What? Are you almost done? Are you almost done in there? I'm... I have to take a shit.
There's more than one bathroom. This is the only man's bathroom. Excuse me. I don't see the world through that lens.
Just hurry up. There's people waiting on here. I'm dancing on one leg. Okay. Damn it.
Okay. You're leaving the... Just a little faster.
There's a urinal right here. Can I just go while you're sitting? Yes. Yes. I didn't even...
Yeah. Okay. Do your thing. All right. Don't look. I'm trying. Let your mind re-evaporate and expand.
What? What? I'm not talking to you. Are you talking to me? Here's the room for one more in here.
Here. Just a second. Oh, geez. Just a second. Woo. Open a window. Just a second. Okay.
Open a window to your consciousness. How do you like that? It's like somebody laid a gas giant in here.
What do you think of that? What do you think of that? What do you think of when I'm back in there?
Slowly, you're drifting back towards your point of origin as you feel your corporeal sentience,
coalesce, returning now to your original home. However, your journey has redefined you.
You like it? Your perspective. You like that?
When you're at the bank, getting mad, you'll now remember I am but a speck on a piece of salt.
Dan, look, it's the moon. The moon's out tonight. Soon we will colonize the moon
five hours before Donald Trump's space force gets there and makes a McDonald's.
Don't forget to wash your hands.
Earth is unique, you realize now. Having experienced the inky void, you see it for what it is.
A unique gem. A science fiction of its own. Are you fucking kidding me?
You already used paper towels.
So you're using the It never works. Never works. Hey, you know, I can help it overhearing.
You're doing a really good job. You're doing a really good job at talking on the toilet there.
That's really good. Do you even know what I'm doing?
No, but I'm liking it a lot. Here, let me give you my card.
Any time you want to come over to Pedro's Pizza, you just show him that card. You get
like a free chair. All right, well, I better be going. I can't hang around here all day.
I'm not stopping you. Okay. See you later, Pedro. Better leave now.
Yeah, yeah, gotta go out into the big wide world and make my day here.
See ya. I really thought something was gonna come with that, but what are you talking about?
Nothing. Are you hitting on me?
No, I'm not. Don't worry about it. It's fine. I'll take the card back. If you're not gonna use it.
Thank you. All right. You're not that good at it.
Slowly, you approach Earth's adamantine glass ceiling that keeps those of us that are targeted
confined to the Earth, or those that hover above it, orbit in predatory, self-satisfied
narcissism looking down at us like manic depressive eagles.
But you have a better perspective. You're on your meds.
And as your therapist told you, you're getting your thoughts in order.
And your roommate is a bitch, so you're doing it in a bathroom at a hotel.
And that means you're gonna deal with other people. That's fine. You're patient. You're a cosmic.
You embody the universe. Your name is Michael. But your pronoun is they.
They. For you are humanity.
All right. I better wipe.
These are the credits rolling as he's, as he's wiping. It's just a big wide show.
Wiping is more, more tempo.
Why don't we go down. There's nothing there.
I miss my mother.
Go to E minor says the fucking guy.
Oh, yeah. He was fucking right, though.
Now you can really get up in there wiping. Yeah.
Go down. Yeah, tear the edges off. He minors the wiping court.
It goes like this from front to back.
That was a crazy app. Dan was kind of crazy that you weren't even looking behind you,
but you were actually kind of right on where we were in space.
Well, that may be due to maybe Rob. Are you in charge of the planets? No, just the sound. Okay.
So it was God and me working together. Is this God?
Is this God?
Is this God? Do you want to, do you want to play that clip?
I see. Has anybody ever seen the movie zapped with Scott Mayo? Scott Mayo, Willie Ames?
Yeah. There's a remake? Yeah, there is. I typed zapped into YouTube and there's a
modern zapped, but there's also, if you dig deep enough, there's a 1980 zapped with an actor named
Scott Bayo who? Willie Ames. He's been famous lately for not acting.
It's kind of a teen, a teen tit movie fantasy where a guy has telekinetic powers,
and he of course uses them to make girls' shirts fly off and stuff like that.
But there's a scene where he gets BA'd by these two frat boy, like jocks,
and they take their pants down and they're mocking him in the back of a convertible.
Hey, you weasel, thanks for losing the tournament for us. Now get a load of this.
And then they flash his ass and then Scott Bayo uses. He's playing the clip.
They pull their asses out. They say, kiss this. And then Scott Bayo looks at the two girls
with anger and then telekinetically makes their boobs pop out.
Hashtag rape culture. And then he, he levitates. So listen to this.
They're hovering upside down with their asses hanging out.
And they put him up a tree and they're like, oh, shit. And one guy goes, oh, is this God?
And they keep saying it. It's like the, it's like the same clip, you know, like they,
they said, is this God? At some point, they just keep the editor using it.
Is this God? Is this God? And the only thing that makes the boobs, it's like the boobs,
you're like, ah, geez, this isn't holding up to cultural shifts, but,
but, but, but it kind of balances out because there's so much footage of these two men's asses.
They're just like wiggling and jiggling. The film is sped up and they're just like,
ah, is this God? Is this God? It's a hot thing to say.
I like, yeah, if you're, if you're being levitated with your friend and you're being
put in a tree with your pants down, that you instantly go to a metaphysical place.
It's, it's also a weird thing to subject like, I'm sure the 12 year old kids that are watching
this movie when their parents are out of the room to see their first pair of naked Harry
men's assholes. And just hearing the phrase, is this God over and over again? Well, they're,
well each like a muscular rump is twitching over the trunk of a tree. Like, I'm sure some
awakenings happen on both sides of this movie, which is why it's kind of like, it's like,
sure there's a lot of, you know, yeah, I don't know. It's a very, it's a very strange film.
Yes. But the 80s were a strange time. Five years ago was a strange time. The rules,
they're changing fast. Changing fast. So, so much change. Yeah, you can't even put a bomb on a
girl's door anymore. It's crazy. We're looking at, we're looking at behaviors that were once
allowable, completely acceptable and normal. And we're, we're, we're thinking about them now.
Doesn't even really matter what, what it's the awareness is the important thing. Isn't that
right, chef? I believe so. I think you have a song about that, don't you? I do. Wow.
Pardon? He said a women's song. Sorry, my $1,000 phone doesn't recognize my thumb print or me
with my glasses on. It's $1,000. I can't really sing right now because my voice jam, my voice is
a little shattered. That's all right. My phone can't turn on because I'm wearing glasses.
I use the password. Wait, you have retinal scam in your phone?
Yeah, it's a face scam. It's scanning your face. And so if you're, I don't know, in rare
circumstances like maybe you're wearing glasses or outside. Or maybe you just have a beard.
Maybe you've grown your, maybe your beard has changed. No, maybe you just had one to begin with
and it hasn't changed at all. I can't believe I fell for this fucking iPhone X.
I'll buy anything. I've told you that on my podcast, if you at an airport make a chalk
outline with a pile of human shit in it, and you just, and you just say poor people aren't
allowed to have this. I'll like pay $10,000 to like eat the shit. Like I'll just stand inside
the circle and be like, I'm, I'm important. I get to be in this circle. Who the fuck was that guy?
Don't trust that ice. We don't know who that fucking was. That was Steve Levy, everybody.
Love it or leave it. My eyes keep going to this guy's face. You're having a terrible time.
You're, you're, you're here as a captive, right? I mean, you didn't certainly,
you're worst mate. It's not talking to you, Deadpool. Give me a break. You're in heaven.
You talking to the guy the Yankees had here? What's your name? Yeah, it's Deadpool's uncle.
What's your, what's your name, sir? Anthony. Anthony, are you here because you like
Comic Con kind of things or like? We promise we will not make fun of you if you tell us the
objective actual story of how you got here because I can tell it is not by being a fan of mine.
And so I just want to know the step-by-step story of how you ended up at this show.
Are you, are you with Deadpool here? Is he, is he a relation of yours?
So just so everybody knows, his face is, that's not, there's a little, no, it's, it's, it's, it's,
it's this. He's, he's a good sport and it's not his fault. Also, there's like, I think it's like,
there's a light hitting your face. Yeah, you're like one of the only people who's lit. You're,
you're like, you're like, are you in the theater because you're really finding your light right
now? Your, your name, sir? Anthony. Anthony just told us. And does your son?
Anthony Jr. So Anthony and Anthony. Anthony is third. So you're Anthony Jr.
And Anthony, you, you dragged your father here? Is he, is he enjoying himself? Clearly.
Anthony Jr. That's like data. You can't read his face.
That's how I am. See what? 71. 71 years old. Fantastic.
And you're proud of your son. You're, you're proud.
Now I'm 45. How does it feel to get to an age that gets applause?
Anthony Jr. That's gotta be a little weird threshold. I was recently, I just, I just crossed
a threshold where a waitress came to me. I was sitting by myself and I ordered a beer and she,
she said, she said, can I see some ID? And I'm like, oh, yeah. She's like, no discriminating,
right? And she was just like, she's like 25. She's just having the time of her life. She's just
like, that would be hilarious if I carted Ian McKellen. Like I just realized she walked away
and I was like, wow, I've, yeah, I mean, I, I don't really, I don't mind dying. I, I, I, I,
I don't want to be 25 again. I remember it was very, very difficult. And I'm, I'm, I'm okay,
but it's, it is just odd to monitor these milestones. You said your age and then everyone
applauded, but the subtext was you made it. Your father's 96. Wow. Oh, your dad's still alive. He's
96. No applause for that shit. At 71, I'd be applauding that because he's like a genetic,
like he's carving the way for you. I, I, I, I, my, my, my, my patriarchs kind of, we don't know
how biologically what their expiration date is. They tend to, they tend to take themselves out with
cigarettes, with, with cigarettes and things, not, not with, not, not Hemingway style. I just mean
they, they, they, they don't, they, they use the world around them. They don't, they don't, they
don't just like sit there and like try to avoid dying. They kind of like, oh, that looks good.
I'm sorry. I'm sorry. What? What? Oh, okay. Go ahead, Dan. We brought him into the show. I know,
I know, I know, I know. Sorry about your son. Dan doesn't have a son and neither does Rob and
neither does Jeff and neither do I. You guys are obviously pretty close then. Yeah. Yeah. That's
cool. You, you and your son can go out. Well, Anthony Jr., how old are you? I'm in the 30s.
Okay. He's very trepidatious. I'm sorry. I didn't, he's wearing a Deadpool mask. He's wearing a mask.
I'm over 20. It's perfectly fine here. You're fine here. I think no one's like,
he's in his 30s and he's dressed as Deadpool at a convention. This is where we come to escape
that kind of pressure. Yeah. Well, I mean, she, she, she affected me. He said the bartender would
have torn down his tank. It didn't affect me. I remembered it. You know, like, we're all, yeah,
we all, we all get, we all get, we all get hit. All of our buttons get mashed at different times.
I think the, I think the objective is the, is the, the, the, the, uh, uh, you get this big keyboard
of buttons and like, I think, I think you want them all lit up before you die. And like the ones
that aren't lit up yet, the first time they get pushed, they, it's like Jesus Christ, they go from
not lit up to lit up and it's a monumental event. And sometimes that's traumatic. It almost always
is traumatic. How many of them are just eating your first chocolate bar? There's like five of those.
The rest of them are trauma based. And then you're like, Oh God, that happened. But then, then, then
people can just put beers down on those buttons. They're already lit up. They don't toggle. They
don't go off. It's called scarring. Uh, and, and, and I think, I think the objective is to like try
to like, you know, get, and I think to extend the metaphor, I don't think you're able to like
really push most of them. I think most of those buttons are only accessible because other people
have to push them. They have to do with other people. Didn't you carry around like a towel
like Arthur Dent for a long time? Yes. When you were, when you were younger? Yes, I did. Yes,
I was very into Hitchhiker's Guide and when I was a middle school, yeah, dead pill, little, little,
little late to be so into something that you actually have a towel that you carry around.
But I went to a public high junior high and there, there wasn't a lot to distract me from,
yeah. I didn't dress like Doctor Who. I dressed as like my version of Doctor Who.
Uh-huh. Like I had a, a, a USA cap and I would wear four scarves, cut off jeans, two different
pairs of shoes. Four scarves? Yeah. What do you mean two different pairs of shoes? You mean one,
you mean, you mean a mismatched pair of shoes? A mismatched. Like Punky Brewster. Yeah, I would put
them on my hands and feet. Yeah, I don't know. I thought, I thought maybe they were a side-by-side.
I know Hawaiian shirt and I. Like a T-Rex, T-Rex cop with a Whippy Goldberg thing. Yeah, and uh,
and I would walk, I would walk out of the, I would go to, I would walk home from school and my mom
would meet me with this look. Why are you so well lit? Are you the devil? I don't know. He's got this
awesome. He's got a, he's holding a bounce forward or something. He looks like, he's about to, like
he's the, he's the third act like of a horror movie that's about to happen. He's like Highlander.
He's like the beginning of Highlander when they push in during the wrestling game. Like,
like the wrestling game. That wrestling game. Who here, oh, let's continue this streak. It's,
it's a very, it's a very nice energy. It's an intimate energy. Who here wants to share their,
like actually come up here, take the mic and share their story of like when they crossed the
threshold into alienation, isolation, nerd culture, when there was no longer any hope for, of, of
assimilation. We've, we've got lots of. Let's make it a gal because we have enough dudes up here.
Anybody? You miss right there. What's your name? Isabelle. Let's welcome Isabelle down to the stage.
She's gonna make it down without destroying the place like Rob when he came down. It was gonna
be great if it would have went off like rehearsal. Did you want to fall down the stairs? No, nobody
wants to fall down. Well, you do stuff like that. Isabelle, everybody. Well, when I became into this
culture, my dad actually brought me into this culture. Uh-oh. He took you to a planetarium
show and let you dress as Deadpool. It was all downhill from there. But that means he can take
you out of this culture. I brought you into this culture that I can take you out of. My dad started
introducing me to Buffy, everything I know. Oh, even Doctor Who. Oh, I go to. It's a good show.
It's a good show, right? Which, who's your favorite doctor? My favorite doctor is Matt Smith, who I
actually met. Very good. Very good. Very good. Good doctor. Pretty much. I met everyone I know, uh-oh,
from cons every now and then. Are you old school? Old school. Oh, I've been to icon. That's an old
school con. No, I meant like old school Doctor Who. Yeah, I watched old school Doctor Who a couple
of times. What do you mean by icon? Icon is a convention. Oh, okay. For optometrist. It used to
be held all the way out in, uh, I believe it. Stony Brook. Stony Brook? Yeah. I haven't been there
since I was six, so. But you felt welcomed when you were in that world, right? Your dad started
taking you to kind of conventions like this. That was like, like, he was a Buffy fan? Yeah, he was
Buffy. He was, I'm trying to think, Star Wars, Star Trek. I'm trying to think of other stuff. So he's
our age. Yeah. We're supposed to have Isabelle's by now. If we were adults, if we lived anywhere
but Los Angeles, we would have lovely, uh, human beings that are joining the world as we fade.
Instead we're, instead we're buying Teslas to try to hide our bold spot. You actually met my dad.
I met your dad. Yeah, he was the photographer. Oh, really? Yeah. Oh, he was saying how excited you
were. I got the impression that you weren't able to be here, because he was like, my daughter would
be thrilled or whatever. Like he was taking pictures in there, if they're doing signing. Yeah. Oh. He was
the main guy taking pictures. That's great. Yeah, I mean, I, so, so, so you remember that feeling
of like, like going to a convention and all of a sudden like, it was like, like, oh, like, like,
oh, is it, do you think it was more like the absence of the kinds of things you felt walking in the
halls of your school where you were like, there's just like, it's like this chiropractic ergonomic
like pressure. You're like, I can't do nothing right around here. Like I, if I answer a question,
even though I know the answer, I know I'm going to do it wrong. I'm going to get laughed at somehow,
or they just like everything is like, geez, you feel like, you feel like it's a, like the world is
covered in, in half full glasses at this table and every gesture you make knocks three of them over
and you desperately don't want to. So then you start gesturing differently. And then that's funny.
And then you, and then you go to, for me, it was Gen Con in Milwaukee, like,
which was the, just, there was this role playing and base D&D and stuff, but it was, it was just like,
oh God, to see grown men and women wearing ridiculous armor and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and,
and, like, the, actually, my mom, my mom, my mom took me to stuff before that. I think my mom knew,
she's like, she's like, this kid collects stickers. He's like, he's not going to be a football star.
And where is your, how, what's the state of your parents' marriage, like, historically?
I'm not trying to pick up her mom. They're, they've been together the whole time.
Yeah, they've been together. They got married right before I was born. So that's how it's
usually supposed to work, but they had my, my brother was first, as my mom met my dad. So.
Okay. How is your, what's your mom's relationship with the nerd stuff?
She goes to it every now and then just hold the stand.
Is that a, is that a reference to the chupa from a Jewish wedding? She says, she's doing her part.
Hold the stand. No, she holds the stand for photography.
She literally holds the light stand. I thought it was like, I heard, like,
I heard hold the standard, like, like it's a battle, like, if this man shall fall, who will pick up the standard?
But is your mom kind of like, you know, like, can you let me know whenever I'm prying or whatever
I'm going to like exploit a horrible, deep-seated, like, personality conflicts within your family
unit and cause a breakup? But is your, is your dad's a nerd? Let's just put it that way. Is your mom, like,
not a nerd? Is she like, she's, I think she's like, she watches murder mystery shows. She's that type of nerd.
There's a good crossover there, like, true crime stuff. I find like, I, yeah, like, my girlfriend's
not into sci-fi and fantasy necessarily. She's into what, you know, me being happy. But like,
at the same time, like, she's not going to, by default, want to watch a shitty, like,
Gil Gerard is an astronaut in prison. Like, I, but we both, and I don't want, I don't like rom-coms,
but like, we both like, real life murder. Because it's sort of like, as extreme as normal life gets.
And I think, I think that's why I like sci-fi is because it, it, it, it heightens everything. It
stains human relationships with iodine. So it, because every story on Star Trek is like, well,
what, who, what is good and what is evil? It's like a, it's too nuanced in 27 dresses. So, so,
like, I don't, I'm not going to taste every nook and cranny of what Kate Hudson's going through. But
like, I like, I like a guy to go like, there's an octopus monster on the poop deck of the Starfleet.
And he only tastes fear. And he says, you have a choice between killing someone you love and
powering your rocket boots. And, and, and, okay, now I'm starting to, now I can break this down
into rules and cope. Do you, do you, do you, what's what grade are you in? I'm going into 12 right
now. Oh, wow. So you're almost out. Yeah, I'm finally almost out. What are you going to do?
What are you interested in? Or do you hate that question? I'm thinking of going for US history.
Oh, wow. That you're going to be like a keeper. Like, like, you're going to be the only person
that knows we did this before. Is there a certain period, is there a certain era or time or place
that you're most fascinated with? I'm pretty much fascinated with all of US history. I find myself
thinking about the 1930s a lot lately. I don't know why. I just find. Not necessarily a fan,
but just it keeps. Yeah, I don't know. I keep running it over in my head. I really learned so
much. Your, your, your dad's a photographer and your mother is, does she do anything creative as
well? She does dialysis. That's only what she does. Like she needs dialysis or she provides
dialysis. Photos too. She, they're both photographers. She's a freelance dialysis technician. She's not
licensed, but she has a Nevada you don't have to be. She has a food truck outside.
No, your mom, your mom actually, that's like her specialty is she, she
administrates dialysis. Like she puts the needle in and watches the. Yeah. Yeah. Damn.
Yeah. I remember seeing some like, who was there? Like, uh, do you watch that John Oliver show at
HBO? They did a second dialysis, like, and how it's like, as an industry, like dialysis for,
for money and how it's like, like big dialysis, like, like, like, like people like. I think my mom
might have. Yeah. She, like, I want, I, I can't remember anything about it except it freaks me
out. The idea that there's a whole industry where we get our blood changed to like Jiffy Lube. Well,
they're probably like stocking your good blood and giving you back like used blood, right?
So do you want to be a teacher? Sprite blood, but just sprite blood. I wish if we could be so
lucky to have sprite blood. Aren't you a little bit, uh. Sprite suck. Sprite's good. I don't want
to make assumptions, but if you're a nerd and like, I went through this stuff and you weren't like,
oh, no, I feel like the bell of the ball in the high school. Like, like, all right. If, if, assuming
a couple things here, like, you know, like 85% or so of your student body here, like,
aren't you, aren't you a little, when you think about being a teacher, don't you,
do you, don't you get scared? Like, like, listen, then I have to like, be the most hated person
to these like morons that, but you know, do you feel empathy for them and you want them to be
smarter and know the history and don't repeat it. Yeah. The bad part of history. You can repeat the
good part. If you guys want to do another gold rush, go ahead. There's gold. Go find gold, baby.
Do you, do you, do you, I don't want to put you on the spot, but could you teach us some history?
I just finished a whole US history regions. Okay. Just give it, give us a taste. Could you give us
a taste? Dan, put, play your space music and she can lay some history on us. Okay. If this is
embarrassing, just, just give me this and I'll stop. But if you want to also, you could tell me if
you don't feel comfortable telling that to Schrab. Because I'm on your side and not trying to harm
you. Just don't talk to SOTY human resources. They're just trying to protect their own legal
department, whatever you do. So it's like, because kids scubs, oh man, oh man, did you see that show
last night? Oh man, I'll YouTube you later. Hashtag motherfucker. And then, and then I'll sit down.
Okay. And then, and then you walk in. And again, if you don't want to just tell me, and I will
make this stop because I don't want you to feel bad. I really don't really want anything because I
just went like through that whole test. Yeah. That's great because you probably nailed it. Yeah.
Sorry. Sorry. We're trying to do a show. What was the topic? I'll teach history and we'll see if
you can stand letting me do it. Pretend like you're you're you're here to dance the teacher and you're
like going to grade him. Right. On how you're like a teacher, teacher. And I'm trying to pass an
exam so I can become a teacher. And they're the students that are like that. You just you just
won like a lot of a ton of money. And now you're going to leave. And you want to make sure that
your legacy goes on. You know, you're like, this is the week you give me a historical area.
Yeah. How about the 1930s? Okay, you brought that up.
Talk about the Great Depression. Right. Okay. Great Depression. What was so great about it? I
mean, it seemed like everybody was pissed off. I mean, come on. You can use that.
Yeah. The 1930s saw the planet coping with a global economic crisis.
Still the aftermath of the Versailles Treaty from World War One. I got that right.
The biggest bearer of the biggest brunt being the
Causers of World War One. But let's not throw anyone under the bus. Germany.
In the streets of Berlin, you could take a stack of German money. And it was more valuable as a
doorstop than it was legal tender. Rocks were worth more money than money.
And the world didn't care. You couldn't cry out from from from Germany. We got it pretty
bad over here. We're really broke. Like no one's going to go boo-hoo for the people that
had worse spiked helmets look like Darth Vader minus the skull and invented mustard gas or
caused us to invent it. I don't know. World War One was really bad. World War One was so bad that
it defines everything up to and including World War Two. The 1930s, the bridge between those times
saw the entire planet going into a right wing slide. People were starting to get into this thing
called nationalism. Why is my country anyone else's business? Why isn't it me versus the other
countries? How do I know other countries have my best interest at heart? Maybe I should stockpile
weaponry. Maybe I should put a tighter cinch on immigration. Maybe I should industrialize,
institutionalize, even nationalize some of our chief institutions. Maybe there's people in this
country already that I don't really like the way they got here in the first place. So why are they
in control of the garment district? Why are they all why do why do they get to bank? Why do they get
to gem? Why do they get to get their fingers in these pies? And in every country throughout the
world, scapegoating starts to get... It gets funny. It gets funny. So you have scapegoating,
you have the ceiling of the borders, you have the stockpiling of arms, and you start to embrace
hierarchy. There's an authoritarian instinct inside of all of us. When times get tough and
confusing, the easiest thing to do is to be told what to do. You want simplicity. You don't want
complexity when your family is hungry and when issues are being brought to your face every day.
You're getting a fire hose of information. Hey, did you hear down the street? This person thinks
that they have the right to do this. We not even have a job. And when those things happen, we look
for charismatic people. Even if they're not charismatic the way we like our friends to be
charismatic. Even if they're the leader version of charismatic people who maybe say the things that
we don't want to say to our daughters at the dinner table because we know they'll make us feel
stupid or angry or hateful. We want someone to just say it really loud so that agreeing with them
can be as easy as saying nothing at all. And then all the countries start doing that. We do it over
here. We do it over there. Europe, it's concentrated in that landlocked portion. These people that
when we walked away from World War One and entered all of our depressions, we let them,
you know, foot the bill because they were to blame. So they stockpiled more weaponry because
you can convert your entire economy into a perceivable profit if you just say, well, fuck our
dollar. Let's just say your job is to make a tank. And I'll buy it. I'm your country. Yay,
we're Enron. So you're just making more tanks. And, you know, there's treaties you agreed to that
said you wouldn't do that, but everybody's got their own problems and everybody's isolationist
and everybody's nationalist. So what voting part of the public is going to go? Yes, I agree, Senator.
I think we should spend our time monitoring Germany and making sure they don't do things.
We should definitely pay a lot of attention to that huge threat that is that weird guy with that
weird haircut who is threatening everyone and saying that he deserves to be on the global stage.
You know, you're going to get a lot more sympathy going. Fuck that. Who cares? Even
maybe some people go, you know what? I like the cut of that guy's jib. He's making the trains run on
time. Fuck you, Senator. You're not reelected. And so it's like a system that just slides and
slides and slides and it lasts years and years and years and it isn't the pendulum that swings.
It's not like a sine wave. It's a linear ramp that just mounts like the flu. It just keeps going
and going. All the countries keep sealing up and stockpiling and mistrusting. And then they
start the frenzied alliances. Oh, I'm friends with this person because the enemy of the enemy
is my friend. Who's to say that this murderer isn't cooler than you? At least their clock
is bigger. At least their missiles are stronger. I like them. I like you too. Let's take pictures
together. Oh, I love it. Oh, no, I hate you. I'm going to go to war with you. Just kidding.
There is no truth. What's the truth? Who gives a fuck? As long as the poor people aren't
storming our castles and hanging us in the marketplace, who cares? So the stockpiles
continue to stockpile. And then there's an incident. Something happens. In World War I,
it was whatever his name was, Duke Ferdinand, Archduke Bishop Pontofoot. Little Lord Fontalroy
was murdered. But, you know, I was only supposed to talk about the thirties and the thirties are
simply just, you know, there's this kooky guy in the in the in the Europe who no one has the energy
or the international feateness to bother to police starts, you know, saying, well, maybe we should
be here. Maybe we should be there. Maybe the whole problem is that we've been denied our natural right
to be everywhere. And so you don't argue with them and you let them annex and you let them do stuff.
And meanwhile in the cities where it's happening, where there are no cameras, people are being
categorized, sorted. If you say this, then you're that. That makes you this. The media,
very simply just it's either state run or it's fake news. It's just something that isn't supposed
to be paid attention to back then. It was as easy as taking a Molotov cocktail going into the local
printing press and kicking it over, buying it, stealing it, beating up the guy that ran it.
But the bottom line is you take control of the media. You control the truth.
Everybody that lives within each boundary, they only know one thing, which is that everybody's
out to get them. And then they know pride. They know uniforms. They know parades, colors, speeches,
amazing, simple things. Like, oh my God, it's been so complicated. I'm so tired of being embarrassed
at parties. So tired of being told I'm thisophobic and thatophobic. And then I owe this person this,
even though I barely have that. God, what if it was the truth? What if the truth was so simple?
What if it was just that everybody that doesn't look like me and wasn't born exactly where I was
born is a piece of shit out to get me and they just need to be rounded up and sequestered.
I'm not going to do anything bad to them. I don't wish any harm on them. I just want them out of
my fucking business, out of my face, out of my restaurant. I don't want them in my cabinets
or in my parliaments. Why can't they take care of themselves? What's the big fucking deal?
Everybody just is out for themselves. I just want simplicity. That's all anyone wants.
If I see a cookie on a plate and I don't eat it, I'm going to come back and it's going to be eaten.
I'm going to eat it now. And the guy stands on a balcony and he says, this is what I'm talking about.
Like, if you trace everything back, we invented it all. We're the fucking kings and we have been
denied this. There was a golden age. Don't pin me down on it. I'm not a historian or anything. I'm
just a orator. I'll just tell you over and over again. Back then, there was this simple time.
You know what I'm talking about? You were 10 years old once. Didn't it feel simpler then?
Didn't it feel like there was truth and falseness? Why is it so complicated now? What's with the
earrings and the tattoos and the biracals and the transimitans? What's with all this Facebook
business? Fuck this. I want to say Merry Christmas. I'm going to say Merry Christmas all the day.
And you cheer and you chant and you parade and the missiles just keep piling up. And then eventually,
you know, we get to 1939.
And the guy that's never been told no is only going to do one thing. It's not going to be to
take a time out. He's tried everything he could fucking do. I tell you, like, he still hasn't
been told no. He still hasn't been challenged, not by his own people, not by anybody on the global
stage. So you start going big. You do one big thing. And then we see how people respond.
And I think that is that a Polish thing? Is that the invasion of Poland? Maybe the Blitzkrieg.
The Blitzkrieg. Yeah. Yeah. All right. So I take it from your not interrupting me that I kind
of nailed it. Okay. All right. Isabel, you want to give him a grade on that? Be brutal. Be brutal.
A hundred? A hundred? Jesus. I mean, I don't think he used enough specifics. Out of a thousand.
There's a lot of dates in history. Was there really a lot of piercings and tattoos going
on in Berlin? And you know, the only way to follow that is with Sports Corner.
World Cup edition. Dan Harmon's going to break down the World Cup standings for you right now.
Had a big day in the World Cup, but Dan Harmon's going to give you all the
today's highlights and see what we've got coming up on the knockout stage.
Well, America has been seized as they are every time this period with FIFA madness.
The Federal International Football Association is on fire. This is a global sport. Every country's
got a team. And right now we're at the World Cup time World Cup. I mean, it's sort of the
it's sort of the World Series of soccer. How do you feel about USA's chances going forward?
You know, I mean, USA, I'm taking them out. You know, like, I don't think we should even
consider them in the running. I mean, that's right, because they're not they're not in the
running. They didn't even make it in. This is a European sport. Yeah. But you know, Italy is
always a powerhouse. Of course, the blues, the blues. Yeah. Yeah. He told me that at the bar.
They're called the blues. Yeah, well, I mean, look, I, I, speaking of you and me talking
football at the bar today, you, you were up in a lather. You were in a veritable lather about the
whole video assisted replay thing. Now they can go back and look at penalties and look at off
science calls. Right. Where do you fall on that, Dan? Oh, you know, soccer used to be about the
yardage, the yardage. And now you can make a CG line on the field and you can know exactly when
Lewis Suarez is biting someone. So I guess I'm for it. I like I think there should be more
accountability. There's a lot of drama out in that field, people faking injuries and rolling
around. There was one thing when an Austria, I'm serious now, I read today when the Swiss team,
what the fuck? When the Swiss team beat the Serbians, there's two Swiss players who are of
Albanian like ethnic descent who are from Kosovo. I mean, the Swiss are going to perform exactly
the same way every year, like clockwork. It's what they do. Yeah. I think, I think, I don't
even think they care about soccer. I think they use it as an opportunity to do meta promotion for
their clocks. Sports Corner. All right. Isabel, you're going to give a college in mind or is that
too early to say? I don't have a college in mind yet. And I haven't started really looking. Yeah,
you shouldn't. You don't actually start looking. I remember there were a lot of, when I was in
11th grade, it started with the, you got to write a letter to your college. There was like a lot of,
there was so much pressure on the college thing that it really kind of like, I think it's why I
dropped out immediately. So I think it's good that you take it like, you just like, so that you know
the day you wake up and go to college, you're choosing to go to college because there was so
much from the age of 15 for me. I didn't even, college was like some religion. It was like not
a real thing. I kept thinking it was this thing that happened after high school where I would,
and I was basing it on like John Hughes movies and things and going like, oh, I'm going to then cut
classes and party and be like an adult or like paper chase. I'm going to have arguments with a
professor and then I went and I was like, I don't want to be at college and I dropped out. So I mean,
I think it's better that you're not under so much pressure that you can like look at it like a thing
you want to do. It's the worst podcast ever to listen to, right? I'm not fishing for anything.
Me neither. That's good. Well, I mean, do you have anything to plug?
Just adulthood, right? I'm going to be an adult soon.
Look for that. What about your, what about your father's photography business?
J.F. Sheehan and photography. If anyone wants to just contact John Sheehan and
if he's not busy, he'll answer you. What's the name of the company again?
John F. Sheehan Photography. Dan, you want to do a little jingle so you can make like a
J.F. Sheehan Photography is a world of cameras true. They've got a wide selection and the camera's
just for you. John Sheehan will take the camera and point it at the stuff.
Look through a hole in the back of it and that will be enough. J.J. Sheehan Photography is a
wonderful world of cameras. We owe Mike Gravello some money. Hopefully no one from Mike Gravello's
photography will be listening to that. We might have taken some parts of their jingle
to the point where I accidentally advertised your father's photography service as a place where
you could buy cameras and then I kind of corrected it under the fly and said,
don't go, but he'll look through the hole on the other side. All right, let's give it a
free Zabelle. Thank you. Thank you, Zabelle. What a wonderful... Thank you for allowing me on your show.
Good job. Zabelle, everybody. Oops, sorry. Don't give her a giant plushy pickle rick in her quiver.
I don't even have... She's got a pickle rick quiver. She's got a pickle rick quiver.
She's an Indian giver of life. She's got a pickle rick quiver. She hurts my liver. I drink
while I shiver. In life, when the freaks come out, they come out right. A pickle rick quiver
is an Indian giver politically incorrect term. Give it away, take it back. I'm gonna have a
heart attack. I'm 71 years old. My name is Anthony. Oh, that's a good time to still be.
My name is Anthony. I came with my son, you see. I don't listen to your pack ass. You seem like a
blowhard ass. I just want to live another day. My dad turned 96 the other day. I'm trying to make
it that far. I can't wait to get to my car. I'm stealing the cheese in my pocket. You suck.
Oh, shit. Oh, we got sexy lights. No. We have so much lighting in this sit-down
slow show. We only have a small bit left of the show. Should we play a little D&D to get things
going here? Anthony, you're gonna love this. Anthony, I want you to buckle your holy shit
belt because it's about to get fucking nerdy. If you thought the last 90 minutes was inaccessible.
Imagine a wheelchair ramp made of knives and puppy bones. Anthony, you got your Yankees cap
on there. You're a big Yankee fan. You wear it for the sale? It's more about East Coast
Rap than it is the actual football baseball. Are you more of a East Coast Rap style guy or
are you like the West Coast Rap? Anthony, you don't like rap? What do you like? What's your music?
Sixty's Folk? Yeah. Like Moody Blues? Or is it like genuine folk? Like, as soon as Bob Dylan
steps in, you're like, this is starting to sell out a little bit. Jimmy Hendrix. He's my favorite
folk singer. What do you think? I thought he got out of the army. I thought he pretended to be gay
to get out of the army. His leg was gay though, right? Gay for combat. That's what I would use
reverse psychology. If I was in a draft, I'd go to the army and I'd say, listen, I want to fight so
bad. My leg is gay for the army. I can't wait to get out there and fight. But then one of my legs
is just regular. So I don't know what to do. I don't know if you want me running in circles,
but you know, I probably should just stay home.
Just not a coward, but I shouldn't fight in a war. But then in that movie, there would be a smash
wipe to you with a shaved head and a full military fatigue zone and a gun. And one of my legs cut
off. Whether or not a bomb strapped to my being dropped out the Bombay doors. What do you think
of Bob Dylan, Anthony, as a folk guy? Because he seems like a polarizing figure. Do you like
Bob Dylan? Do you respect him? Okay. Pretty simple stuff. He said yes. There are some people out
there that are like, oh, he was more of an assimilator. I don't believe you. You're a liar.
He absorbed all of the people, but it's like, yeah. Do you like Joni Mitchell, Anthony?
She was entertaining. Okay, that was a soft response to that one.
There's a lot more said in the silence of that answer. All right, let's pass down Dan. Let's do
a little fireman lining and pass down the folders here for our characters. Let's bring up Steve
Levy so we can play some proper D&D. D&D is a lot like folk music. Yeah, there's a Dungeon Master
and Garfunkel. The Dungeon Master is like the Woody Guthrie. Hi, Rob. Hello, Steve. How you doing?
I have your wallet. Oh, you just kept bringing him stuff. Yeah. Did he ask you for that? Yeah.
Oh, my phone was going off and you were worried that something bad was like important. Yeah.
All right. It was just Kate. I was born down the road from here. Did you know that? You were
what? Oh, yeah. Born down the road. Steve is a Long Island baby. I mean, like he's an island baby
who is way too long. What were you guys talking about? All right, especially we don't have loads
of times. Let's dive right in. Are you ready for one? Do we not? Huh? Do we not? How much time do
we got? We got 20 minutes. Great. That's awesome. All right. Or 30 trillion years, depending on which
metric you want to use. Yeah. And the fact that these people are sitting higher than we are,
time is traveling at a different race. Yeah, they don't realize it. They get a little more
show than the people down here do. Yes. Anthony is perceiving the slowest show of his life.
He will be 71 when he gets out of here.
When he came here, he and his father were the same age.
When he visits his father, he will be 96 years old. Where have you been? I've been traveling.
I was in a podcast traveling at the speed of boredom.
You remember that thing they would show that in public? You know, that idea that if you travel at
the speed of light and then you're your twin brother and you come, yeah. Time cop? What's up?
Yeah. Time copping again? No, no. It's just more like when I was a kid, PBS shows explaining
relativity. It would use it to like with these kind of like time traveling scenarios where an
astronaut would go up and travel at the speed of light and come back home. Can we show the clip?
What was that movie? There's that movie where the kid goes into the spaceship and the spaceship has
like an eyeball in it. Flight of the Navigator. Yeah. I don't think it was that, but okay. That sounds
like exactly what it was. Paul Reumann's voice, the spaceship. I guess. All right, Spenser. No,
I don't think it was that. I think I'm thinking of something else. Flight of the Navigator.
I don't think so. Yeah. I don't think so. Are you trying to get punched? Yeah. No, you're in a
planned area at a comic book convention saying what was the name of this movie with the eyeball
in the spaceship? They're shouting Flight of the Navigator and you're just provoking them. Yeah. Also,
we are at a tactical disadvantage. They're all above us. All they have to do is take one step
forward and they will, it'll be like World War Z. Like they'll just be in Tel Aviv, like on top of us.
Yeah. Yes, you do. I mean, fight me. I swear to God, I landed on this fucking plane. The second
the plane touched down, I was furious. I was like, God fucking damn it. We got off the plane. We went
to the bathroom. I start ripping a goddamn toilet dispenser off the wall or the toilet paper dispenser.
I'm like, I'm pulling it off the wall. Like, why isn't it coming off the wall? And then I'm like,
what are you doing? It's because of that urine color. No, it's because of New York. Fuck this place.
Okay. Yeah, I don't give a shit. Okay. All right. There's a guy right there that responded
like that. But for all we know, that's New York for like, yeah, like welcome to the party. Like,
it's solidarity. We can't tell no, you're shaking your head. No, that's how you're one of those
rare people that's proud of New York. You think that it's the greatest city in the world. I know.
I know it's a it's a it's not a brave stance. You know, it is fucking Connecticut.
Is that all right? Okay. I just pulled that at a random. Well, that's like, I mean,
that's the worst state, right? What? Florida. Oh, come on. Something wrong with Jersey.
Yeah, Rhode Island. Rhode Island. Fuck you, Rhode Island. Did you guys pay an ounce of attention
to my history lesson? Here you go again. All right, Spencer, brief recap.
Last time on Harmontown yesterday. Yeah, you guys didn't hear any of this.
What happened? Oh, Jesus. You guys, you, you found Patchen's gem.
But you lost Patchen's. I was, I was writing. This is my turn. Okay. I was trying to help.
There's a fire in town that was happening because you guys started a fire in town to,
to escape and distract them from you guys trying to kidnap one of the most important figures of
town. So the fire was happening and you guys were missing Patchen's, but you had Patchen's gem,
which you had gotten to give back to Patchen's. So you look for Patchen's in the town that was on
fire, but being on fire, you got distracted by the fire and started fighting the fire.
Well, kind of you were looking for Patchen's while everyone else was fighting a fire and you
didn't want to be distracting. So you're like, let's pretend we're fighting a fire while we're
interrogating the city. Great place to look for Patchen's is at the town fire. It's his time.
It's his time. Yeah. He likes me. I like every putting, except New York. Yeah, I don't like
New York. Yeah, no, I'm not saying that to be popular. Fuck Connecticut. All right, let's go back and
try. Well, what happened afterwards? We put the fire out. Right. That was it. No, you put the fire
out. We put the magical fire thing. We put the fire out. You put the fire out. I was writing the
bear with them. I was writing the bear. I got Garry Shandling myself got on top of Bearney Mac
because I had a magic purse with water symbols on it. And I was I was we were I was writing the bear
around a burning building going Oh, and and and and quite successfully putting out a lot of the
fires. Right. I said you put out the fire, but you didn't say who and you didn't say how. Right.
That's a recap. What do you think, Anthony? It tracks, right? Okay. All right. Anthony seems
happy. He gets it. Yeah. Anthony, what do you do for a living? What do you do for a living?
You build microwave parts that go on satellites and military missiles. I don't think you're supposed
to tell people. And some of your stuff is on display here at the at the cradle. Oh, really? Wow. Okay.
I'm kind of embarrassed that we're up here. And he's he's like, yeah, I come here every week.
I see a lot of respected speakers. Do you own own the building?
Yeah. Okay. So you see, you're you're an engineer, then. No.
Engineering assistant. Fantastic. Oh, yeah, in the army. Fantastic. Let's give it up for Anthony.
So now, Anthony, a a basically a hedge. He's a shambling mound of weeds road on top of a talking
bear. This will explain everything. Put out of put out of fire. And it's okay. So hey villagers,
I think you noticed that we we atone for our sins. No, you didn't. You're welcome. You're
welcome. You're welcome. Spencer, how does the crowd receive our feet? They look like an angry mob.
Even though that we helped put out the fire, the fire you started after kidnapping the town mayor.
Sometimes you have to start a fire to put it out.
Here here. Oh, give him a break. Look at that guy. Wait, the mayor was the head of the theater.
Yeah, you guys didn't ask. But yeah, true. Shrove. He was the mayor. Yeah, I thought he was the head
of the theater company. Didn't we beat him up in my living room? Yeah. Oh, yikes. Are we
saying this out loud? Is he still in my living room? No. Is he alive? You don't know. But he
probably is. He escaped. Are we saying this out loud in front of the angry mob? Yeah,
they're just watching you. Oh, okay. There has been a regime change in your town. You have lost
your way. Politics ran rampant and became the new religion. Now religion will recalibrate.
We love Shrove, but he got a little full of himself. Admit it, Kevin.
I talked to Darlene, a plumber. She said that Shrove wouldn't let her have a part-time job
and feed her family. I talked to a nurse that said she has to work part-time as a webcam girl.
Just to make buckets. This isn't working. No, it's not. It's anachronistic and it's
uncharismatic. Run? Run. What if we have this gem? We have something valuable. All the better
reason to run. I give it one last chance. I go, listen, everybody, if someone doesn't
tell me right now where Patchens is, it's going to be hell to pay. We're going to bring the
fucking thunder. He's going to relight the town on fire. Yeah, you've seen what we can do.
Was there a question there? No, no. I say, tell me where somebody here,
tell me where Patchens is. No one knows who that is. God damn it. Run, run, run.
Yeah, he's probably running. Okay, I cast Fireball. That's something that's not on fire
and I light another thing on fire. Hold on. What spell? Produce Flame? Fireball.
You can't cast Fireball. I can't? No. What the fuck? You're not like level seven.
Okay, how about this? What about co-executive Produce Flame?
Okay. He's got to have that, but now he's guys been working for years. I get all the merchandise.
Okay, I produce Flame. All right, you toss a few fire blobs. One of them lands in a dry field
that hasn't been watered. You're going to deny this in your history books, but the truth is,
you did this. Run, run, run, run, run, run, run, run, run. We run.
Woo, woo, woo, woo, woo, woo, woo, woo, woo, woo, woo, woo, woo, woo, woo, woo, woo.
I jump on Gary's back. Okay. Woo, woo, woo, woo, woo. You got to do the noise. Woo, woo, woo,
woo, woo, woo, woo, woo, woo, woo, woo, woo, woo, woo, woo, woo, woo, woo, woo.
Most of the town resumes fighting the fire, but they don't even care.
No, most of the town. Three bulky looking, farmer looking dudes just tear ass after you,
though. They're just chasing you. You make it out of the town and they're still chasing you.
That was their mistake. I take my bow and I aim at them and I shoot them from Garry Shandling's back.
Okay. Does anyone else want to do anything while you're running away?
Well, what's our friend's name? Our overreactive friend who now doesn't...
Geffen. Geffen. Oh, Summon Geffen. He's crazy.
Oh, no. So as you're running away, you hear the hoof beats returning and you hear the skulls
smashing of... Oh, my gosh....of Geffen. See, this is... I meant to mention this recap. Also,
while you were trying to convince everyone to stop the fire, Geffen from the church came
and started murdering people and you kind of had to stop him. Right. But now he's back murdering
people again. He's sort of the Agent Orange of our unwinnable war. Yeah. That's a great way to
look at it. That doesn't give you flashbacks, Anthony. You're right. You're right. Oh, man.
What should I do? Wow. Wow. I don't know. What if it did? All right. Well, if you...
Hilarious. Keep going. Do I successfully hit one of the farmers?
Were you in the shit, Anthony? You were? Okay. I feel bad. He said he was in the army.
Well, I didn't know that meant Vietnam automatically. Were you in Vietnam?
1967, 1977. Oh, my God. Did you... Did you see actual combat? Were you...
All right. I'm sorry. Oh, wow. That's so cool. He keeps getting cooler.
This is insane. It's been two hours and he's only gotten cooler. All right. If my joke didn't
traumatize you, nod your head. You... Fuck. I can't blame him. These people will turn on me.
Have some empathy. I'm truly sorry if... He's gonna... He's gonna...
I didn't mean to trivialize any personal experience that you had. Like, that would make me feel terrible.
Just let it go. Oh, my God. Keep digging. No, I'm accountable and I fucking... I pivot.
You're escaping the town. And DJ just fired up a boat, right? Yeah. You see DJ loose an arrow.
It's hard to do because you're on the back of a biped running. Hell yeah. Yeah. All right. You miss.
Nice shot, though. Thanks. I'm just impressed. I was even able to get it off. Yeah. So,
three guys, we can just turn and fight these guys. Hey, I'm Gary. What? I'm sorry. Yeah, we met.
We... I'm diarrhea. Okay. We never officially met. I'd be at my best if they were skeletons,
but everyone is a skeleton deep down. I love that optimism.
All right. Knowing that I'm not gonna be able to run faster than farmhands, I stop and face them.
All right. Gentlemen, the wrath of God is not something we walk away from.
All right. One of them stabs you in the chest with a pitchfork.
You're wearing armor, though, so you take five damage. Carlos, no.
Gary, turn around. We got to go back and help our friend. Hold on. Let me make a Y turn here.
Oh, that's true. You're doing a stop top. All right. Well, did Jeff stop too, right?
Yeah. Okay. So too. I summon nature's ally.
Okay. I think you're out of that. Where's Barney Mack in all this? He's here.
I feel like I must be out of every spell. Yeah. Okay. I just go old school. Can I do
Shalely? Or am I out of spells right now? I think you... What level of spell is Shalely?
Shalely is... Sorry, everybody. Is it level one? It better be. Yeah, it is. Level one.
Then you have... That's your last spell left if I'm... Okay. I go Shalely and I just go full
on Noam Druid Shalely attack. All right. You cast Shalely and it makes your staff turn into a Shalely.
That's what she said. That's certainly a level one spell. That's like casting hammer on a nail.
I was just like, well, or I could go to a hardware store. It gives it more damage.
So I attack the nearest foe. Ah, you got to cast it first. So that was your turn just casting it.
Of what? That's magic, bro. You got to plan ahead. All right. I'm standing there with a
half cast Shalely. No, it's fully cast. Okay. So I enjoy some lemonade. It's great.
Schrab. I use one of my feet. I cleave at the closest one. I cleave them. All right.
Good shambling mound cleave. Swinging a mighty haymaker. You smash the guy in the face, but it's
not enough to kill him. So it doesn't cleave. Does he... He takes 14 damage. Yeah. I'll take it.
He drops to his knees like stunned and dazed. He's like a dizzy. It didn't have to be like this.
The other two round to round with their weapons. They're just kind of knives like kitchen knives,
not even like daggers. And they start attacking at you guys, but a little sad, isn't it? Yeah,
it is. That's what you notice. I want to write a letter home to my grandma. I think we're the
bad guys who the real enemy is. All right. Somebody says something witty because the show is basically
over. You get stabbed in the face. Oh, that wasn't witty enough. Or I've burned through all my
credibility with the audience. I can't tell. Can I morning star one of these fellows? Oh, yeah.
The guy is still dazed from the impact from the shambling mound and you find it very easy to drive
your morning star into his head. This just feels so... Why are you... You know you have free will.
You're choosing these actions. The choice is between getting stabbed with a butcher knife
or killing a farmer whose weapon is a butcher knife. Those are two choices. It's a purek victory
or an actual death. I open up my glass jar of Dracula ash. Relatively blunt weapon.
Yeah, you open it. Okay. I open up my glass jar of Dracula ash and I just start throwing it in the
air like confetti and going, yeah, we're doing it. We're doing it. All right. It's great. Everyone
starts coughing. Cliffhanger. Thank you so much, everybody. All right. Thank you for coming out
of CradleCon at the Cradle of Aviation Museum. Thank you, Anthony Jr. and Anthony III.
Thank you to Isabel for coming down there and helping us out.
You guys were wonderful. It's been a long day and it culminated in a wonderful intimate little
spaulding gray show. I loved it. Thank you to Rob on Sound. Down here we're getting
splashed by the entrance of Rob Schrab, everybody. Steve Levy. Spencer Crittenden.
I'm Jeff Davis of Comptroller. Your mayor is Dan Harmon. Give it up for Dan Harmon, everybody.
Thank you so much, y'all. Drive fast and take chances.
Did you get any of that?